README.md, before:

# CoderCalendar
Android App and browser extensions for competitive programming enthusiasts.
Shows a list of live & upcoming coding contests taking place in various popular competitive programming websites with the facility to add them to your google calender.
Currently shows updates from Codechef , HackerEarth , Hackerrank, Topcoder and Codeforces.

  
  
## Download  
Coder's Calendar is  available for download at:
- [Android App] (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.corphots.coderscalendar)
- [Chrome Extension] (https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/coders-calendar/bageaffklfkikjigoclfgengklfnidll)
- [Firefox Add-on] (https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/coder-calendar/)
  
  
## ScreenShots  
![Android App](http://i.imgur.com/q9DUsgZ.png?1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
![Android App](http://i.imgur.com/6l9efxF.png?1)  
  
![Chrome Extension](http://i.imgur.com/DXbGuZz.png?1)  
  
## Android
The Android app uses:
- Cordova
- jQuery
  
And the following cordova plugins:
- nl.x-services.plugins.calendar 4.3.1 "Calendar"
- nl.x-services.plugins.socialsharing 4.3.17 "SocialSharing"
- nl.x-services.plugins.toast 2.0.4 "Toast"
- org.apache.cordova.device 0.2.13 "Device"
- org.apache.cordova.dialogs 0.3.0 "Notification"
- org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser 0.6.0 "InAppBrowser"  
  
To test the app on an Android device connected to your computer using a USB cable:  
1. Install and set up cordova.Follow this link if you need help: http://ccoenraets.github.io/cordova-tutorial/create-cordova-project.html  
2. Install the above mentioned plugins.(Again follow the link above to learn how to add that).  
3. Replace the www/ folder in your project with the one in the repo( android/www ).  
4. Run the following commands  
```
cordova platforms add android
cordova run android
```
## Bugs and Suggestions  
Found any bugs? Have any suggestions to make this project better?  
Know any other cool coding sites?  
Feel free to log them as an issue.
  
You can also add them here:  
http://feathub.com/nishanthvijayan/CoderCalendar  
  
Happy Coding!  

[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/nishanthvijayan/codercalendar/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

Commit message:

Update and cleanup README
Add some basic contribution guidelines
Remove bitdeli stuff

README.md, after:

# CoderCalendar
Android App and browser extensions for competitive programming enthusiasts.
Shows a list of live & upcoming coding contests taking place in various popular competitive programming websites with the facility to add them to your google calender.
Currently shows updates from Codechef , HackerEarth , Hackerrank, Topcoder and Codeforces.

  
  
## Download  
Coder's Calendar is  available for download at:
- [Android App] (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.corphots.coderscalendar)
- [Chrome Extension] (https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/coders-calendar/bageaffklfkikjigoclfgengklfnidll)
- [Firefox Add-on] (https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/coder-calendar/)
  
## Bugs and Suggestions  
Found any bugs? Have any suggestions to make this project better?  
Know any other cool coding sites?  
Feel free to log them as an issue.  
When adding an issue specific to Chrome extension, Firefox add-on or Android app  
please mention it in the title/description clearly.  
  
## How To Contribute

- Create a topic branch: `git checkout -b awesome_feature`
- Commit your changes
- Keep up to date: `git fetch && git rebase origin/master`

Once you’re ready:

- Fork the project on GitHub
- Add your repository as a remote: `git remote add your_remote your_repo`
- Push up your branch: `git push your_remote awesome_feature`
- Create a Pull Request for the topic branch, asking for review.

## ScreenShots  
![Android App](http://i.imgur.com/q9DUsgZ.png?1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
![Android App](http://i.imgur.com/6l9efxF.png?1)  
  
![Chrome Extension](http://i.imgur.com/DXbGuZz.png?1)  
  
## Android
The Android app uses:
- Cordova
- jQuery
  
And the following cordova plugins:
- nl.x-services.plugins.calendar 4.3.1 "Calendar"
- nl.x-services.plugins.socialsharing 4.3.17 "SocialSharing"
- nl.x-services.plugins.toast 2.0.4 "Toast"
- org.apache.cordova.device 0.2.13 "Device"
- org.apache.cordova.dialogs 0.3.0 "Notification"
- org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser 0.6.0 "InAppBrowser"  
  
To test the app on an Android device connected to your computer using a USB cable:  
1. Install and set up cordova.Follow this link if you need help: http://ccoenraets.github.io/cordova-tutorial/create-cordova-project.html  
2. Install the above mentioned plugins.(Again follow the link above to learn how to add that).  
3. Replace the www/ folder in your project with the one in the repo( android/www ).  
4. Run the following commands  
```
cordova platforms add android
cordova run android
```
  
  
Happy Coding!
